Terms of Use

Welcome to the Web-Deva.com web site (the "Site"). By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below (the "Terms"). If you do not agree to all of the Terms, please do not use the Site. Web-Deva.com may from time to time modify or revise the Terms by updating this Web page. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed. If any change is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate your use of the Site.



Copyright and Trademark Notice

This Site and its contents, including, but not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, illustrations, video, sound, and other material (all such content collectively referred to as "Content") are protected under United States and international copyright laws and are the property of Web-Deva.com, or its third-party licensors. All rights reserved. All logos, splash screens, page headers, custom graphics, and button icons displayed on this Site are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress (collectively, "Marks") of Web-Deva.com or its third-party licensors. Except as specifically permitted herein, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, modifying, selling, or participating in the sale of, or otherwise exploiting or using any Content or any Marks in any form or by any means without the express written permission of Web-Deva.com is prohibited and may violate the copyright or trademark laws of the United States and/or other countries.

The Site and its Contents are intended solely for use by the users of our Site - in accordance with the intended and stated function of the Site. You may download or copy the Contents displayed on the Site for the sole purpose of using the Site as a personal resource, provided that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. No right, title, or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.



Your Comments

We appreciate your comments, remarks, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions you disclose or transmit to us (collectively, "Comments"). You grant Web-Deva.com and its affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display (in whole or in part) your Comments, your name, and any related copyrights, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights.



Privacy

Web-Deva.com takes the privacy of its licensees and site visitors very seriously. It is our policy to respect the privacy of individuals who visit the Site or provide Comments to us. We do not sell, rent or otherwise distribute your contact information to any third party.  No contact information, no information about purchasing or browsing patterns, no personal information that might have been gathered during information requests or purchases will be made available to anyone outside of our company.

Important Exceptions: Not withstanding anything else in this privacy policy, under extraordinary circumstances Web-Deva.com may release account information when obliged to do so by law, or in the interest of safety, the protection of legal rights and property.

Web-Deva.com may ask your permission to occasionally send you new information about new developments in our services, functionality or community. You are of course under no obligation to accept this offer.

Should you agree to allow us to do so, we guarantee that no more than two emails will be sent to you per month.

If at any time you should chose not to receive such communications, please advise us immediately and you will be removed from this list completely.

Cookies: Thes are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer hard drive. We use this technology in a limited way to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track the popularity of the products and information on our site. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.

Web-Deva encourages its licensees to abide but exactly the same set of rules, however once a site visitor has provided their contact information to the Web-Deva.com licensee, Web-Deva.com is no longer able to control how that information is used. We encourage site visitors to read the privacy statements of the respective sites before registering.



Linked Sites

This Site may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites" and Licensee Sites). Web-Deva.com does not operate or control any information, products, or services on the Linked Sites or Licensee Sites, and does not endorse or approve any products or information offered by them. You acknowledge and agree that your access or use of any Linked Site or Licensee Site is at your own risk.  Web-Deva.com is in no way liable for the mis use of any contact information provided to Linked sites or to its Licensee Sites.



Network sites and 'their' 'Child Sites'

Web-Deva.com functionally includes the ability for a licensee to 'resell' sites to other 'licensees'. We call these 'Network Sites' and 'Child Sites' respectively.

Web-Deva provides a resource for these entities, but is in no way liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special or incidental damages arising to either party as a result of its relationship with the other. Web-Deva does not operate or control the content of these sites, nor does it have any control over the manner in which these relationships are formed or managed. Their financial agreements are of their own devising, and Web-Deva.com has no control over, or financial interest in these agreements.



Disclaimer

This site, its contents, and all information, products, and services contained in or offered through this site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without representations or warranties of any kind. Web-Deva.com expressly disclaims all such representations and warranties, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement and any implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Web-Deva.com does not warrant that this site or its contents will be complete, accurate, uninterrupted, secure, or error free or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. All information on the site is subject to change without notice.



Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Web-Deva.com harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your (i) use of the Site or (ii) violation of any of these Terms.



Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Web-Deva.com be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, or incidental damages arising out of or related to your use of or inability to use this site or goods or services purchased or obtained through this site, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, even if Web-Deva.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Web-Deva.com's total liability for any claim arising from or related to your use of this Site shall not exceed one hundred dollars (US$100).




Payment

Failure to pay the specified Web-Deva.com fees, in the agreed manner and schedule - will be deemed to be a termination of contract and will prompt immediate termination of service. Failure to pay includes but is not limited to: Expired credit card information, Suspension or cessation of licensee's applicable bank or paypal services, Reversal of charges on a card etc.



Miscellaneous

These Terms are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms are effective unless and until terminated by Web-Deva.com.




